chat commands: rework aliases (#78)
runelite/wiki: Chat-Commands.md

`prime` -> `Dagannoth Prime`  
`duke` -> `Duke Sucellus`  
`duke awakened`, `duke sucellus awakened` -> `Duke Sucellus (awakened)`  
`levi`, `the leviathan` -> `Leviathan`  
`levi awakened`, `leviathan awakened`, `the leviathan awakened` -> `Leviathan (awakened)`  
`vard` -> `Vardorvis`  
`vard awakened`, `vardorvis awakened` -> `Vardorvis (awakened)`  
`wisp`, `whisp`, `the whisperer` -> `Whisperer`  
`wisp awakened`, `whisp awakened`, `whisperer awakened` -> `Whisperer (awakened)`  
`barrows` -> `Barrows Chests`  
`gaunt`, `the gauntlet` -> `Gauntlet`  
`cg`, `cgaunt`, `cgauntlet`, `the corrupted gauntlet` -> `Corrupted Gauntlet`  
`jad`, `tzhaar fight cave` -> `TzTok-Jad`  
`zuk`, `inferno` -> `TzKal-Zuk`  
`jad 1-6` -> `TzHaar-Ket-Rak's [First-Sixth] Challenge`  
`cox`, `xeric`, `chambers`, `olm`, `raids` -> `Chambers of Xeric`  
`cox solo`, `cox duo`, `cox [1-24]`, `cox 24+` -> `Chambers of Xeric [1-24+] players`  
`cox cm`, `xeric cm`, `chambers cm`, `olm cm`, `raids cm`, `chambers of xeric - challenge mode` -> `Chambers of Xeric: Challenge Mode`  
`cox cm solo`, `cox cm duo`, `cox cm [1-24]`, `cox cm 24+` -> `Chambers of Xeric: Challenge Mode [1-24+] players`  

> `theatre of blood: story mode`, `tob sm`, `tob story mode`, `tob story`, `tob entry mode`, `tob em`, `tob entry` -> `Theatre of Blood: Entry Mode`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tob sm`, `tob story mode`, `tob story`, `tob entry mode`, `tob em`, `tob entry` -> `Theatre of Blood: Entry Mode`  
```
my only nit is when documenting all variations like this, we end up with a giant list that wraps, which feels unnecessary when there's already a reasonable list of examples

this happens similarly with seers, but there's *_so_* many for that one that it wrapped 2 lines and doesn't look as bad

Author: For me it only wraps for Seers (which could arguably be shortened, since it includes a lot of the same stuff + ``agility``) and ToB: EM. I personally don't mind it, and this is the only way for regular users to find out the aliases. Is it bad enough to (somewhat randomly) remove an alias?

Reviewer: Mainly I don't see the point of an alias that's 28 characters long, while it was accepted in the code it doesn't feel that bad to "forget" to tell users about this extremely long alias

Enables the `!pb` command.

Personal best times are stored for bosses and activities that keep personal best data in game. If applicable, you can pull these numbers from an Adventure Log's "Counters" section in your POH.  

> For potential shorthand versions, please refer to the aliases listed above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For potential shorthand versions, refer to the aliases listed [above](#boss-abbreviations).
```
